
Title: Inside Higher Ed | Higher Education News, Career Advice, Events and Jobs
Content: Education scholars say the administration’s rash of cuts and lack of quality transparency will have a “devastating effect” on public policy and student outcomes for years to come. Transfers increased by 4.5 percent this fall, continuing two straight years of post-pandemic recovery. Recent enrollment trends suggest there’s plenty more room to grow. Three federal departments are reviewing contracts with the university worth more than $54 million, while a task force investigates claims of discrimination against Jewish students. The Lumina Foundation’s previous 17-year goal—for 60 percent of adults to have a postsecondary credential—fell short. How will its next mission, focused on income, fare? To decrease barriers to access and provide tailored supports, colleges and universities are designating mental health clinicians to specific academic departments or locations. In part three of a three-part series, former senior leaders at Cabrini University offer advice for navigating a closure, including ideas for how neighboring institutions can help—and not hurt. Higher ed botched its response to the anti-DEI Dear Colleague letter, Steve Robinson writes. We have entered an era of greater scrutiny and fewer resources in higher education. How might AI enable deans to become more effective and efficient in administering the college? Great art is born not just of individual genius but from the world it reflects. The CFO role has gotten progressively more challenging, Jen Meyers Pickard and Melody Rose write. Inaction is not an option, writes Jenny Silver. It’s magical thinking to believe that unprofessional behavior will simply disappear without intervention. Campus offers resources for faculty and staff. Enjoy lively discussions about trending topics. Download reports, surveys and more. Gain next-level resources and insights. Discussing President Donald Trump’s executive orders and actions and what pushback they’ve seen. Discussing President Donald Trump’s executive orders and actions and what pushback they’ve seen. How should universities manage the rapid uptake of artificial intelligence across all aspects of higher education? We talk to three experts about AI’s impact on teaching, governance and the environment. How should universities manage the rapid uptake of artificial intelligence across all aspects of higher education? We talk to three experts about AI’s impact on teaching, governance and the environment. Hear from two academics who are developing publishing solutions that encourage and underpin quality research practices and improve access to scholarly work. Hear from two academics who are developing publishing solutions that encourage and underpin quality research practices and improve access to scholarly work. Student Voice, our ongoing survey project with Generation Lab, is designed to gauge students’ views on key issues and their suggestions as to how colleges and universities can best help them succeed. Our annual Student Voice survey of 5,000-plus two- and four-year students covers academic success issues, health and wellness, campus life, and how students are preparing for life after college. The main survey is supplemented by additional student flash polls on timely topics to help institutions plan for student success in 2025 and beyond. Student Voice survey data indicates that students trust professors most and the president and other senior leaders least. What makes students trust certain campus groups more than others and how can trust be built? College students say digital resources would help them improve their media literacy skills, but few examples are available for this group. Few students rely on traditional news media for key information, but many do approach media sources with a critical eye, according to our new Student Voice flash survey. How can colleges help boost students’ media literacy? A December survey by Inside Higher Ed and Generation Lab found half of students don’t think colleges should make statements about political events. Two experts weigh in on when an institution should or should not do so. Forty-three percent of Student Voice survey respondents think a designated area on campus for civil dialogue would help with free expression. Copyright © 2025 Inside Higher Ed  All rights reserved. | Website designed by nclud 
4/5 Articles remainingthis month.

