
Title: Variety
Content: News and commentary on Amazon MGM's big move Latest updates and tributes for the Oscar-winning actor All the winners, fashion and speeches from the big night Looking ahead to 55 of the most anticipated movies of the year, including Dwayne Johnson, Leonardo DiCaprio, Daniel Day-Lewis, Julia Roberts and more. The actor, writer and director became a Polish citizen just days after "A Real Pain" won Kieran Culkin an Oscar for best supporting actor. Disney is laying off just under 200 staffers across its TV and ABC News operations, the latest in a series of cuts to its employment base as it navigates more difficult… “Fauda,” the hit action thriller series following Israeli undercover operatives, is returning for Season 5 with filming set to start in late April.




	Currently in… The message from Britain’s largest platform to its smallest stages came over loud and clear.




	At U.K. music’s biggest night, the 2025 BRIT Awards held at London’s… 'Daredevil: Born Again' started off with a bang and a shocking death in its Marvel premiere. 'Anora' won best picture, director, lead actress, original screenplay and editing. Baker ties Walt Disney for most Oscars won in a single night. 
			A Variety and iHeartRadio Podcast		 Woody Harrelson and Simu Liu in a true-life undersea rescue thriller that takes you down and lifts you up. It recreates a saturation-diving accident with a specificity that's nearly journalistic. Anthony Mackie's slyly dogged Captain America has less superpower than his predecessor, and so does the film. But it's just fun enough, as Harrison Ford plays a president with anger-management issues. A toy monkey heralds over-the-top deaths in Osgood Perkins' trivially snarky, ham-handed Stephen King adaptation. It's about twins who hate each other, but mostly it's about meaningless mayhem. Merit (Sonequa Martin-Green), a veteran of the war in Afghanistan, is haunted by the death of fellow soldier Zoe (Natalie Morales) in a creative take on PTSD that packs the punch of classic Capra. 'Interior Chinatown' Struggles to Turn an Allegorical Novel Into a Show HBO Prequel Series 'Dune: Prophecy' Capably Tailors the Epic Franchise to Television Taylor Sheridan's 'Landman' Gives the West Texas Oil Fields the 'Yellowstone' Treatment Eddie Redmayne and Lashana Lynch's 'The Day of the Jackal' Is an Exhilarating Assassin Thriller Billie Eilish and producer Finneas keep up their winning streak with a surprising and intimate third album. Childish Gambino's latest is a masterpiece, and a kaleidoscopic showcase for his seemingly endless talents. Vince Staples searches for light on his new album, his most vulnerable project to date. Dua Lipa's new album is a joyous blast of pop savvy. Sam Gold's production is an actorly face-off between Jeremy Strong and Michael Imperioli, but the script ultimately let's the audience off the hook. Patricia Clarkson gives a luminous performance in an otherwise uneven revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama. Strictly for the boomers. The stage adaptation has escapism, enchantment and heart, all elevated to new, literal heights that blend theater and cirque. Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Two months out from the platform's U.S. ban (and un-banning), only one competitor has been sustaining its surge in interest 'The Brutalist' followed with three wins. The Business of Entertainment

Title: The Hollywood Reporter – Movie news, TV news, awards news, lifestyle news, business news and more from The Hollywood Reporter.
Content: Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter Top Story The awards also posted gains in some younger demographics. The group recently became an online sensation thanks to posters they plastered all over London. Karla Sofía Gascón's resurfaced tweets torpedoed the film's Oscar campaign — it won just 2 Academy Awards out of 13 nominations — but didn't impact the French honors, where 'Emilia Pérez' won best film. "Cancel culture plays less of a role here than it does in America," says one producer.  Dan Fogelman and Julianne Nicholson reveal Sinatra's fate, talk Xavier's mission and explain how the whodunnit was all in service of a second season that will change the trajectory of Hulu's post-apocalyptic drama. THR's voice in the geek sphere In a career-spanning chat, the filmmaker — a fixture of New York's hardcore punk scene in the 1980s — discusses his brushes with Downey, Robin Williams and Bill Murray.  Inside the show and biz of TV Morgan will play the lead role in the pilot from his '30 Rock' co-star, Robert Carlock and Sam Means. All the winners, snubs and takeaways from the 2025 Academy Awards. Spoilers ahead! Best Actress Oscar winner and Anora star Mikey Madison sat down with The Hollywood Reporter in an exclusive morning-after interview for THR’s digital cover. The newest Hollywood A-lister who — still waking up to the reality of her stunning win — opens up about her upset victory, Oscar night escapades and her post-ceremony texts with […] How Hollywood Lives Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
