
Title: Homepage | Real Estate News & Insights | realtor.com®
Content: The NBA's all-time leading scorer, 40, has become the first player to reach 50,000 combined points in the NBA season and playoffs. Six weeks after taking office, Trump had little to say on the nation's housing shortage, despite a Day 1 memorandum ordering the executive branch to deliver "emergency price relief" on housing costs and other key living expenses. If you start to see houses being painted this color in your neighborhood, it could be a big sign that your neighborhood is being gentrified. A Lake Tahoe compound and a Hawaii home owned by "Yellowstone" star Barret Swatek are duking it out on the most expensive homes list.  Some insurance companies in the Sunshine State could be using excessive fees paid to out-of-state affiliates to send profits to their shared parent companies, while claiming losses from storms forced them to raise policy rates, an investigation has found. Danielle Hale Realtor.com Chief Economist Read the full article It is still very early in 2025, but the housing market is now really showing the slowdown we anticipated from the late 2024 spike in mortgage rates.  February 28, 2025 Get real estate news sent to your inbox Some insurance companies in the Sunshine State could be using excessive fees paid to out-of-state affiliates to send profits to their shared parent companies, while claiming losses from storms forced them to raise policy rates, an investigation has found. Trump has imposed sweeping 25% tariffs on Canada and Mexico to pressure the U.S. neighbors to step up border enforcement—but homebuilders say this could boost new-home prices. The NBA's all-time leading scorer, 40, has become the first player to reach 50,000 combined points in the NBA season and playoffs. The Upper East Side residence was one of 32 contracts signed on homes asking $4 million or more in the New York City borough. The prefab home is made out of steel and industrial-grade glass—with a mirrored exterior that helps it blend into its surroundings. A Lake Tahoe compound and a Hawaii home owned by "Yellowstone" star Barret Swatek are duking it out on the most expensive homes list.  If you start to see houses being painted this color in your neighborhood, it could be a big sign that your neighborhood is being gentrified. Your second home may be a tax time bomb if you're not prepared. Here's how to avoid paying capital gains tax when selling your second home. If you're struggling to afford a down payment, perhaps it's time to start thinking about saving for your future in a different way, according to Dave Ramsey.  Discover key trends, design innovations, and economic insights for homebuyers and sellers in 2025, including interest rates, design trends, and market shifts. HOA rules can oversee a variety of issues. But when it comes to disputes between neighbors, these regulations can be murky. Planning a home renovation this spring? Protect your home from theft, damage, and hazards with these key safety tips. Looking to buy your first home? You've come to the right place. This guide helps service member families navigate the homebuying process. We cover all the steps from understanding the current housing market to finding the right real estate agent. Get real estate news sent to your inbox Get the app

Title: Real Estate Tips for Home Buying, Selling, & More - Redfin Blog
Content:  Join Us About Us Find Us Countries United States Canada Updated January 2020: By searching, you agree to the Terms of Use, and Privacy Policy. REDFIN IS COMMITTED TO AND ABIDES BY THE FAIR HOUSING ACT AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY ACT. READ REDFIN’S FAIR HOUSING POLICY. Copyright: © 2022 Redfin. All rights reserved. Patent pending. REDFIN and all REDFIN variants, TITLE FORWARD, WALK SCORE, and the R logos, are trademarks of Redfin Corporation, registered or pending in the USPTO. California DRE #01521930 NY Standard Operating Procedures TREC: Info About Brokerage Services, Consumer Protection Notice If you are using a screen reader, or having trouble reading this website, please call Redfin Customer Support for help at 1-844-759-7732.
