
Title: World | Latest News & Updates | BBC News
Content: Mike Waltz also says the US president is open to lifting a freeze on military aid to the country. The comments come in response to US tariffs and as Beijing boosts defence spending by 7.2%. The Vatican said Pope Francis spent the night on "non-invasive mechanical ventilation". Mélanie Joly told the BBC "this is not a joke" and said Canada would "fight" against Trump tariffs. The star wrote and directed a film about two cousins who travel to Poland to honour their grandmother. The comments come in response to US tariffs and as Beijing boosts defence spending by 7.2%. The market, in a camp for displaced people, was attacked for roughly two hours, a local official says. They say the Arab League's proposal for post-war reconstruction fails to address realities in Gaza. The Vatican said Pope Francis spent the night on "non-invasive mechanical ventilation". The president declares "America is back" as he spars with Democrats and gives a shout-out to Elon Musk. Germany's likely chancellor-to-be announces a political deal to raise hundreds of billions of euros in extra spending. The UN said at least 80 community kitchens may run out of stock, and remaining food rations will soon run dry. Calin Georgescu is the frontrunner in the May vote, but he has not yet been able to register as a candidate. Lesotho says it is surprised by Trump's comments given its "warm and cordial" relations with the US. The Ukrainian leader's climb-down on security guarantees may be because the US is the only place he can turn to, writes BBC Ukraine correspondent James Waterhouse. Thousands of Congolese are opting make a dangerous river crossing to get to safety in Burundi. Africa's Sahel region accounts for more than half of terror-related killings, a new reports says. Europe is scrambling to react to the relentless pace of change in Washington, but can it unite around a plan?  BBC Verify has looked into several claims made by Trump during his speech to Congress. Trump touted many of his executive actions, praised Musk for his work with Doge and named a teenager a Secret Service agent. The first of an estimated 2,000 Gazan children needing medical treatment arrive in Jordan. The crew on the International Space Station describe what they'll miss when they return to Earth. The BBC's Daniela Relph takes a look at the Duchess of Sussex's new lifestyle series, 'With love, Meghan'. At least three people were injured when politicians clashed with security in a show of support for anti-government protestors. Godswill Akpabio said he had been well raised by his mother and had never harassed anyone. The Ukrainian leader's climb-down on security guarantees may be because the US is the only place he can turn to, writes BBC Ukraine correspondent James Waterhouse. Mélanie Joly told the BBC "this is not a joke" and said Canada would "fight" against Trump tariffs. Nigeria's Minister of Foreign Affairs, Yusuf Tuggar, speaks to the BBC about pending deportations of Nigerian nationals from the US under the new Trump administration. The Foreign Minister said that the deportation process began even before the current administration took over. Lesotho says it is surprised by Trump's comments given its "warm and cordial" relations with the US. The market, in a camp for displaced people, was attacked for roughly two hours, a local official says. Calin Georgescu is the frontrunner in the May vote, but he has not yet been able to register as a candidate. Europe is scrambling to react to the relentless pace of change in Washington, but can it unite around a plan?  Germany's likely chancellor-to-be announces a political deal to raise hundreds of billions of euros in extra spending. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.  

Title: Breaking News, World News and Video from Al Jazeera
Content: Experts say Ukraine may only be able to hold out for a few months without US military assistance. Rights groups blame ‘state agents’ for abductions of more than 80 people since June 2024, with dozens still missing. The Die Linke star behind the party’s rise in recent elections says there is ‘real momentum for progressive politics’. A spike in violent crime in the Bangladesh capital makes youth who risked lives for change ask: ‘What was it all for?’ Israel’s highest-ranking officer has a longstanding relationship with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. As he reshapes the US government and upends old alliances, Trump says he’s just getting started.           Your browser does not support the audio element. Follow Al Jazeera English:

Title: World News: Top & Breaking World News Today | AP News
Content: Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. President Donald Trump recited a letter he received earlier Tuesday from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, saying that the wartime president wants to come back to the table after an explosive Oval Office meeting last week broke down negotiations for a peace deal between Russia and Ukraine. Journalists watch a screen displaying Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sissi, center, with Arab Leaders, at the press center hall of the emergency Arab summit at Egypt’s New Administrative Capital, just outside Cairo, Tuesday, March 4, 2025. (AP Photo/Amr Nabil) Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
